build: Pick up GeoModel v6 or v7 (#3736)
acts-project/acts: CMakeLists.txt

    endif()
endif()
if(ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_GEOMODEL)
    foreach(_gm_ver 7.0.0;6.3.0)
        message(STATUS "Trying to find GeoModel version ${_gm_ver}")
        find_package(GeoModelCore ${_gm_ver} CONFIG)

>         find_package(GeoModelIO ${_gm_ver} CONFIG)

Reviewer: So, did the version range formalism not work then? I was hoping that this could've been written just as something like:

```cmake
find_package(GeoModelCore 6.3...7.99)
```

I'd really like to avoid such custom for-loops if at all possible... 🤔

Author: Yeah so the range formalism (for some reason) only allows ranges within a single MAJOR version it seems.

Reviewer: That's very disappointing. If we can't write a possibly quite wide range, then what's the point of this feature even? 😕

I do wonder that once we have an entire for-loop in our code to make all this happen, is the version check actually worth it? Then again, I was never really fond of such version checks to begin with... 🤔

Reviewer 2: I have to admit I also hack the versions from time to time. Alternatively we could search without version constrain and then check the version manually afterwards

Author: My understanding is that if you supply a range, both ends of the range have to be deemed *compatible* by the target version, i.e. you can't span a range over MAJOR versions, which is indeed disappointing.

I really do want to have a version check, but indeed it might be better to manually check the version after finding without a constraint. I think this only makes a difference if multiple versions are found and CMake would otherwise pick a compatible version out of the available ones.

        if(GeoModelCore_FOUND AND GeoModelIO_FOUND)
            break()
        endif()
    endforeach()
    if(NOT GeoModelCore_FOUND)
        message(
            FATAL_ERROR

>             "GeoModel not found. Please install GeoModel or set ACTS_USE_SYSTEM_GEOMODEL to OFF."

Author: ```suggestion
            "GeoModel not found. Please install GeoModel or set ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_GEOMODEL to OFF."
```
